1. In your own words explain at its core what a computer really is doing whenever you type a letter on a keyboard
At its core what a computer is doing when you type a letter on a keyboard is turning electrical signals into binary data that is being displayed as output to the user. A note on what causes these electrical signals: these electrical signals are caused by something known as a key matrix. A key matrix is a collection of circuits under the keyboard that is broken at a specific point under every key. Pressing a key completes a circuit, which then allows the computer to determine which key was pressed. In order for the computer to correctly determine which key is pressed, the keyboard processor analyzes the position of keys pressed and sends that information to the ‘keyboard controller’. In addition to sending the information to the keyboard controller, it also gets sent to the operating system to see if contains any system commands. If no system commands are present, then the key press data is sent to whatever application the user is currently operating and are accepted as data or content. 
2. Explain in your own words what is a packet of data
Packets are modest sized buffers of data that are transmitted as a unit through a set of shared links. Normally packets need to have a header that contains delivery information such as the source (or sender’s) IP address, the destination (or recipient’s) IP address, the sequence number of the packets so that the data the packets contain can be reassembled and displayed to the recipient, as well as flags and the type of service. The other portion of a packet is referred to as the ‘payload’, which is the bulk of the packet and is the data that is being transmitted. The concepts of packets and packet switching were first introduced by Paul Baran in 1962. In 1964 the term “packet” was coined by Donald Davies. 
3. Explain Data Rate, Throughput,and Bandwidth
The data rate is the rate at which bits are transmitted over a network. Data rates are usually measured in kilobits per second (kbps) or megabits per second (Mbps). Throughput is the overall effective transmission rate, which accounts for things like transmission overhead, protocol inefficiencies, and competing traffic. Lastly, bandwidth is a term that can either refer to throughput or data rate, though it is commonly used to mean data rate. The term has its roots in radio transmission due to the fact that the width of a radio frequency band is commonly proportional to the data rate that can be achieved. 
4. Explain in your own words Datagram Forwarding
Datagram forwarding is a model of packet delivery in which packet headers contain a destination address. In order for this model of packet delivery to work, it requires the use of switches or routers that have forwarding tables containing destination/next hop pairs. When a switch receives a packet, it looks up the destination address in its forwarding table and finds the next hop information, which will tell that switch where next to send the packet to that it gets closer to its destination. 
5. Explain Algorithms in your own words
An algorithm is a sequence of well-defined instructions that are implementable by a computer that have the goal of solving a specific class of problems or performing a computation. An example of an algorithm is following a recipe while cooking.
6. Explain network topology
Network topology is used to describe the physical and logical structure of a network. It dictates how the different nodes on a network are placed and interconnected, as well as orchestrating the flow of data. The two types of network topologies are physical (which describes the way that the physical components such as computers and cables are connected within a network) and logical (which describes how data flows between computers in a network). 
