1. Explain in your own words what is an operating system
An Operating System (also commonly referred to as an OS) is essentially a go-between to the user and a computer’s hardware. It also is a software that performs basic tasks like file management, memory management, process management, handling input and output, and controlling peripheral devices. Some other important functions of an Operating System are: providing security through the use of passwords and other techniques to prevent unauthorized access to data; job accounting, which is a process that the OS uses to keep track of time and resources used by various jobs and users; as well as producing error detecting aids such as dumps, traces, and error messages to inform the user of errors.
2. Describe the types of operating systems
Some types of Operating Systems are: batch operating systems (these are operating systems in which the user does not directly interact with the operating system, but instead uses an offline device such as punch cards to submit programs to the system operator; groups of programs with similar functions are run in batches to save time), time-sharing systems (these are operating systems in which multiple people who are located at various terminals access a shared computer system at the same time; processor’s time that is shared among multiple users is termed as “time-sharing), distributed operating systems (these are operating systems in which multiple central processors are used to service multiple real-time applications and users; the processors communicate with one another through things like high-speed buses), network operating systems (these are operating systems that run on a server and provide that server the ability to manage networking functions; their main purpose is to manage printer and file sharing access on a Local Area Network); and real-time operating systems (these are systems in which the time required to process and respond to inputs is so small that it controls the environment; there are two kinds of real-time operating systems, known as “hard real-time systems” and “soft real-time systems”).
3. Explain: What are the services of an OS subsystem
The kernel I/O subsystem is responsible for things such as scheduling (where the kernel schedules a set of I/O requests to determine a good order in which to execute them while also rearranging the order of the queue to improve overall system efficiency), buffering (where maintains a memory area called a “buffer” that holds data while it is transferred between two devices), caching (where the kernel maintains cache memory – which is a region of fast memory that holds copies of data – so that applications have faster access to data) , spooling and device restoration (where a “spool” is a buffer that holds output for a device that cannot accept interleaved data streams and copies that output queue to the device one item at a time) and error handling (which is where the operating system uses protected memory to guard against hardware and application errors) for I/O. 
4. Explain portability in your own words
Portability means that software can work the same way on any device or hardware. As an example, Linux kernel and application programs can be installed almost anywhere. 
5. Explain network topology
Network topology is used to describe the physical and logical structure of a network. It dictates how the different nodes on a network are placed and interconnected, as well as orchestrating the flow of data. The two types of network topologies are physical (which describes the way that the physical components such as computers and cables are connected within a network) and logical (which describes how data flows between computers in a network). 